Add Ruby 3.2 support to README. (#2159)
getsentry/sentry-ruby: sentry-ruby/README.md

## Requirements

> We test on Ruby 2.4, 2.5, 2.6, 2.7, 3.0, 3.1, and 3.2 at the latest patchlevel/teeny version. We also support JRuby 9.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We test from Ruby 2.4 to Ruby 3.2 at the latest patchlevel/teeny version. We also support JRuby 9.0.
```
